feat: support lightningcss-loader (#7214)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/features/builtin-lightningcss-loader.mdx

import { ApiMeta, Stability } from '@components/ApiMeta';

# Builtin lightningcss-loader

<ApiMeta addedVersion="1.0.0" />

> The `builtin:lightningcss-loader` uses the builtin `lightningcss` from Rspack to process `css`, which can replace the syntax lowering functionality in `postcss-loader` to make the build faster.

Reviewer: Link to lightningcss.

```suggestion
The `builtin:lightningcss-loader` uses the builtin [lightningcss](https://github.com/parcel-bundler/lightningcss) from Rspack to process CSS, which can replace the syntax lowering functionality in `postcss-loader` to make the CSS transformation faster.
```

## Example

To use `builtin:lightningcss-loader` in your project, you need to configure it as follows.

```js
const rspack = require('@rspack/core');

module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.css$/,
        use: [
          {
            loader: 'builtin:lightningcss-loader',
            options: {
              targets: 'ie 10',
            },
          },
          // ... other loaders
        ],
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

## Type Declarations

> You can use the `lightningcss.LoaderOptions` type exported by `@rspack/core` to enable type hints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `LightningcssLoaderOptions` type exported by `@rspack/core` to enable type hints:
```

- `rspack.config.js`:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.css$/,
        use: [
          {
            loader: 'builtin:lightningcss-loader',
            /** @type {import('@rspack/core').LightningcssLoaderOptions} */
            options: {
              targets: 'ie 10',
            },
          },
          // ... other loaders
        ],
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

## Options

Below are the configurations supported by `builtin:lightningcss-loader`. For detailed configuration, please refer to [lightningcss document](https://lightningcss.dev/transpilation.html)

```ts

> export type LightningcssLoaderOptions = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type LightningcssLoaderOptions = {
```

  errorRecovery?: boolean;
  targets?: Targets | string[] | string;
  include?: Features;
  exclude?: Features;
  draft?: Drafts;
  nonStandard?: NonStandard;
  pseudoClasses?: PseudoClasses;
  unusedSymbols?: Set<String>;
};
```

You can find the necessary `lightningcss` exports from the `lightningcss` property in the `@rspack/core` package, such as `Features`:

```ts
const rspack = require('@rspack/core');
const { Features } = rspack.lightningcss;
```

The `targets` can be directly written as a `browserslist` query string, the result of a `browserslist` query, or the `targets` of lightningcss, for example:

```js
const options: LightningcssLoaderOptions = {
  targets: '> 0.2%'
}
// or

> const browserslist = require('browserslist');

Reviewer: It is kind of wired to use type (LightningcssLoaderOptions) and require in the same file.

If it is a TypeScript example, we can change the `require` to import.
